today
I was wrong about you.
It's not what you think.
i
I'm already divorced.
fine
This is my resume.
Me and Qi Jingning are not what you think I am
I was drugged seven years ago
It's still a baby's guard who comes to the door
Say it's my child
For Jingrui
I gave him the name of Madam
But over the years
I have no feelings for him.
And innocent
That's all I can tell you right now.
Because there are some things still under investigation.
i
I didn't know what liking was before
Until I met you
It feels different
Judging from the novel you sent me
I must like you
But I do.
Even if there is no marriage between me and 79 years
But in the end
My Identity
Also a married woman
So when I realized my feelings for you
File for divorce with him as soon as possible
After cleaning up everything
Come find you again
The books I gave you
What you won't say is that one
Overbearing Jiangxi run with the ball
I learned a lot from it
So
I like you.
Would you like to be with me?
If you don't believe me
You can ask Jiumei.
He likes you very much.
I won't lie to you.
You know diamond rings are for marriage proposals, right?
I'm not married yet. I'm married.
What do you mean?
Did you promise me?
i
empty